Song of the dead
---

I could not fall asleep, party because the bed was uncomfortable, and partly because I knew that if I did, the General could wake me up any minute, and call me on his duty. I knew that because it had happened several days ago. My brain was still processing that moment:

"Wake up! We need you!" the General had said.

"But isn’t…"

"I know that you were supposed to rest. Look, there is too many of them. What am *I* supposed to do? the General had pleaded, once again showing that he was not a real military person. And neither was I. Still, I stood up and began dressing.

In the beginning, we functioned pretty much like a real army - we would split into platoons and would surround a horde of zombies and fire their shotguns at them until they were all dead. We even had some combat strategies which, though poorly executed, made the whole thing seem more like a profession, as opposed to a struggle for survival.

Gradually, the discipline died out: We ran out of bullets, so we had to sway their enemies with knives, or any other sharp objects that we could find. Then we realised that planning combat against an enemy who has no plan, was pretty useless. And last but not least, we lost a lot of men, which accounted for both more stress and longer working hours. We worked so much that the last time I had some free time I didn’t even know what to do with it but to spent my day just standing by the Gates and watching my colleagues slay the endless stream of zombies, while singing old marches from Word War Two, with new lyrics. While I did that, I toyed with the idea that there wasn’t much of a way to distinguish “my” side from theirs. From a distance, there wasn’t a clearly-visible border between the two. Plus you can be a human today, and a zombie tomorrow. And with their increasing shortage of weapons soon there wasn’t going to be any real difference in how they fought.

---

"Get up!" I heard a sound that woke me up, "Get up now!"

"I don't want to," I said, more as a factual statement, rather than a protest. 

"You don't want to?" The voice belonged to the general who seemed pissed off, "Someone doesn't want to fight, someone doesn't want to get up! That's how we got to this point, kid!"

"That is not how it happened."

The general used to work for the army. It was the army who released the virus that turned almost everyone into zombies. So if there was somebody who held some responsibility for their situation, it was the General (although he was just an accountant).

"Err... OK, man," - The General said "Look, no point in arguing. You know you will have to come anyways."

"…you will have to come anyways," I muttered while he was dressing, "You know mister, guys like *you* are the ones who got us to this point. Guys who do things without thinking. Guys who say things like 'rules are rules.' but don't realise what that means."

"You do realise you will be sued for deserting if you don't come?"

"Yes." I said "And it's OK."

---

The general left and minute later two other men dragged me from my bed to the gates. The situation there was almost hopeless. Just by looking at the landscape, I reckoned that not many of the soldiers will come back as human beings. The general was also there, along with the Judge and the Jury, who were still almost asleep.

"I hope that you already changed your mind," The General said.

"Why do you think so?" I said.

"OK, fine! Then by the power invested in me, I accuse you of denying to fulfil your duty, under special circumstances. I will leave the matter to the law to handle!"

The judge approached me. He was a very old man, so the General had to support him.

"Son," he said, "please, go there. Pretend you are fighting, if you want. It will all pass. The sorrow will pass. The bitterness will pass. And you will keep on living."

"That is a lie!" I said. "You are lying to me."

"I am not lying."

"Admit it!" 

"Fair enough," the old man said, "Then it is settled. You are banished You must leave this town through the gates now."

"Stop!" someone said. 

---

"Now what do *you* want?" The General asked. He was ready to order his people to drive the person who came to us away when he noticed that with him there came at least 20 people who were following him and some of who were already giving him unfriendly gazes.

"This man cannot die like *this*, or his soul will not find peace."

"Who are you?" 

The man carried on his monologue as if he thought that it contained an answer to the General's question:

"The great God Necronomical is the creature that gives every human being its soul. It does so by tearing out a part of itself. All it asks for in return is that every person acknowledges his sacrifice at least once in his lifetime. Otherwise, God punishes him by taking his soul back and he gets reborn as a soulless creature whose only aim is to feed and multiply."

"Really?" the General said, "Well, that's interesting but to tell you the truth I don't care about that. And neither does he," he said, turning to me.

"I am afraid that does not affect just you," the man said, "Look around and you will see why."

About one or two hundred meters away from us, the zombie horde was approaching.

If people continue to ignore the signs and fail to do even the easiest of things - to thank their creator - we will will continue disappearing, as we do now."

The man's followers were standing on our way. The General looked like he was about to bash them away, but he couldn't as more and more people were joining them and were listening to the monologue.

"You clearly made this all up," he said instead.

"I had a friend who knew all this before they came," someone from the crowd shouted.

Realising he was in a bad position, the General retreated: "OK, I do not feel convinced by your story but I will allow the man to participate in your ritual, provided that it is no longer than fifteen minutes and he wishes to do it, of course."

And I said "Yes".

Why did I say "Yes"? Well, it was partly from sheer curiosity. And partly it was fear. By that time the zombies were close. I could see them approaching. I looked at my former colleagues as they were reluctantly pulling off their pistols and heading towards them. Prolonging my life with fifteen more minutes seemed like an offer I could not refuse.

At that moment the sun rose and the shadows of the zombies were so long that they were almost touching us. I looked at the man and he nodded at me. "Yes, there is no time." he said, "Just repeat after me." 

And he started speaking in verses:

"Oh, great God!"

"Oh, great God."

"I thank you!"

"I thank you."

"I kept my soul intact!"

"I kept my soul intact."


"And I am giving it back!"

"And I am giving it back!" that last one I shouted with all of my strength. For a second, I felt that I really believed this man and I had a desire to show that to him and everyone else.

"I tried not to dismiss it!"

"I tried not to dismiss it!"

"And I will need it!"

"And I will need it!"

"For my next life!"

"For my next life, indeed!"

For a second I thought that he would not like the fact that I did not repeat everything he said word by word and was already projecting in my mind some scenarios of him making me say the whole thing again, but he actually seemed pretty happy with the way it turned out.

"OK," The General said swiftly, as he had realised the danger of the proximity between us and the zombies. Now, Norman Winkle, with the power, vested in me by the citizens of New Paris, I am banishing you from our town as a punishment for deserting from your duties of protecting your fellow citizens! Do you have anything to say?"

"No," I said.

"OK, take them away!" He turned to two soldiers who were just preparing to battle by putting their motorcycle suits and helmets. One of them looked like they wanted to tell him to fuck himself but were so baffled at the whole situation that he said nothing."

"It's OK, I can go myself," I said.

And with swiftness, that surprised everyone, including myself, I jumped through the fence and while passing no more than a few meters from the first row of the horde, I rushed to the nearby forest.
