Joke 121
--------

So I cannot fix your computer because I have to rewrite the whole OS.
Why?
Oh there's no point  pretending, I  am a poser.
What.
I do not use the binary clock on my desk. I hate command line tools and even though I started learning Japanese a year ago I am pretty much still on sayonara...
You do realize that none of these things means anything to me.
Yeah. That is what makes me so pitying.
What
I am posing in order to impress  myself. Oh my god, its the worst kind 

Progress
--------

I have fun at facebook and read twitter for important info
I have fun with twitter and read soecialized blogposts for important info
I have fun reading specialized blogposts and read books for info
I have fun reading books,,,

Thought
-------

Do not try to impress others. They do not care.




The Internet
------------

I used to shut down the internet, just because i am not comfortable with the fact that I depend on it so much.

Now I am not sure if that does make any sense: electricity, runnning water, we are pretty far from the basic anyways.

But still I feel an urge to escape from this particular dependency of mine.

Because yeah, I  may not be able to live without artificial light like our predecessors. And survive the winter like our predecessors. I still entertain myself in the exact same way that they did.

That I can sit alone with my brain and not get bored.

The fact that I can do that gives me some comfort when I turn off the light.


Question
--------

Is everything that we know but haven't observed "real"?


Genders
-------

I don't get it why some women.

Try to act sound and look like men.

You don't prove that genders are equal by proving they are equivalent.

And you fight stereotypes not by proving them wrong, 
but by assuming they don't matter.

Risk
----

Life is risk.
Each day you are rolling a dice with a hundred thousand sides,
with one of them equivalent to slow and painful death.


Joke 2323
----

"you are offline"
Shit just got real


Random quote 3232
-----------------

I don't want to adapt to my environment. I want to shake it and shout, why aren't you reacting to my actions the way i want you to 

Faith
-----

Times come and you drop everything you do and start waiting for me to do something cool.

You have no reason to think I will truly do it.

But you nevertheless believe it.

In the end I will probably really do something cool and will meet your expectations.

If you do that II would argue that it is you that is responsible for everything cool that I might do.

You  believed in me.
I was just running with the flow. 

Random Quote 332
----------------

The answers to the biggest questions in the universe are to be found in webpages set in 12pt Times New Roman


People
------

Mean people pretend to be good people
because they dont want to be alone

Good people, pretend they're mean people
because they are scared of being used

You people, can keep on doing this.
I won't pretend that I care.

Faith
-----

The first level takes seconds
"I get it that looks cool"

The second may take a few hours
Not just cool, it is interesting.

And then weeks and then years and as soon as you blink
You realize that your whole life won't be nearly enough to get to the end.

When I get to this stage I usually throw the thing away. Because hey, I have only one life, I don't want to dedicate it all to you!

But now I am in a new mood
I want to find something, whatever, study it, and dedicate my life to it.

I realized my life isn't nearly as valuable
as the things that I can do in it.

Insecurity
----------
This person makes you insecure, you know.

Like he is constantly bragging, shoving in your face the things that he accomplished.

He picks his contests carefully, rarely misses an opportunity to shine. and is also not completely full of shit, you know, he knows his stuff.

You figure, if life is a game as they say, he is playing it right.

Right, but imagine being that man.

Imagine you are consumed with your image, imagine calculating constantly what a certain action do to you in terms of fame, profit or personal self esteem.

Imagine that man 10 years from now. Imagine him a 100 years from now, when all that he will be remembered is things that he didn't even WANT to do.

Random
——
Every disappointment is one step to the inside



Nothing
——

The less you have, the more valuable it is.

This is a vision circle that leaves you obsessed for not losing your nothing.


Battle with the ego
——
Battling my ego.

The stage is set.

I have all my Kurt Vonnegut books with me.

I turn to it and say “It’s gonna hurt ME a lot more than it hurts YOU”.







